# Versions and changes in neo

## Version numbering

Our version numbers will be based on the minecraft version, with a single incrementing number appended. The higher the number, the "newer". Any neo version can be directly associated with it's minecraft version - remove the 1. and the first two digits are our target.

    <mcminorversion>.<mcpatchversion>.<incrementingnumber>

Automated builds generated by teamcity or github actions will have an additional `-cr` appended - this indicates it is a **c**ontinuous **r**elease.

## Build promotion

Promoted builds represent a mostly stable API for a minecraft version where efforts have been made to ensure compatibility, and minimize breaking changes. They will be identified by the absence of a `-cr` suffix. Unlike previously, most builds, once a stable point has been reached, should be expected to be promoted.

Any build can be promoted to remove the `-cr` by manual action by a maintainer, when quality, behaviour and compatibility checks have been passed for the build. The details of thise are in a separate document <here>.

# Build Compatibility and minecraft releases

Once a minecraft version has received a promoted build, efforts should be put in place to ensure that binary and behavioural compatibility is maintained for subsequent promoted versions. As such, it should be expected that any significant changes should have a consideration for their adoption and integration into neo.

Until a minecraft version has received a promoted build, there isadditional leeway for incompatible changes, such as deprecation and removal of legacy APIs.
